W-19719053-agent-fabric-stakeholder-feedback-on-first-draft-mk (#507)
mulesoft/docs-code-builder: modules/ROOT/pages/af-define-your-agent-network-specification.adoc

= Define Your Agent Network Specification

After you create your agent network project, configure `agent-network.yaml` and `exchange.json` to reflect your business needs. Make sure you meet the prerequisites for this task. For prerequisites, see xref:af-get-started.adoc[].

> MuleSoft Dev Agent can help you configure your agent network specification. Just click the agent icon image:af-acb-dev-agent-icon.png["MuleSoft Dev Agent icon"] in the Anypoint Code Builder activity bar. The agent prompts you for information about your agent network, including the brokers, agents, MCP servers, and LLMs you want to connect. MuleSoft Dev Agent does the rest. For more information about MuleSoft Dev Agent, see link:https://docs.mulesoft.com/anypoint-code-builder/api-ai-create-spec[Creating API Specs with AI].

Author: ```suggestion
MuleSoft Dev Agent can help you configure your agent network specification. Just click the agent icon image:af-acb-dev-agent-icon.png["MuleSoft Dev Agent icon"] in the Anypoint Code Builder activity bar. The agent prompts you for information about your agent network, including the brokers, agents, MCP servers, and LLMs you want to connect. MuleSoft Dev Agent does the rest. For more information about MuleSoft Dev Agent, see xref:api-ai-create-spec.adoc[].
```

> MuleSoft Dev Agent can help you configure your agent network specification. Just click the agent icon image:af-acb-dev-agent-icon.png["MuleSoft Dev Agent icon"] in the Anypoint Code Builder activity bar. The agent will prompt you for information about your agent network, including the brokers, agents, MCP servers, and LLMs you want to connect. MuleSoft Dev Agent does the rest.  For more information about MuleSoft Dev Agent, see link:https://docs.mulesoft.com/anypoint-code-builder/api-ai-create-spec[Creating API Specs with AI].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
MuleSoft Dev Agent can help you configure your agent network specification. Just click the agent icon image:af-acb-dev-agent-icon.png["MuleSoft Dev Agent icon"] in the Anypoint Code Builder activity bar. The agent prompts you for information about your agent network, including the brokers, agents, MCP servers, and LLMs you want to connect. MuleSoft Dev Agent does the rest. For more information about MuleSoft Dev Agent, see link:https://docs.mulesoft.com/anypoint-code-builder/api-ai-create-spec[Creating API Specs with AI].
```

Reviewer: link in xref format

> MuleSoft Dev Agent can help you configure your agent network specification. Just click the agent icon image:af-acb-dev-agent-icon.png["MuleSoft Dev Agent icon"] in the Anypoint Code Builder activity bar. The agent will prompt you for information about your agent network, including the brokers, agents, MCP servers, and LLMs you want to connect. MuleSoft Dev Agent does the rest.  For more information about MuleSoft Dev Agent, see link:https://docs.mulesoft.com/anypoint-code-builder/api-ai-create-spec[Creating API Specs with AI].

Author: ```suggestion
MuleSoft Dev Agent can help you configure your agent network specification. Just click the agent icon image:af-acb-dev-agent-icon.png["MuleSoft Dev Agent icon"] in the Anypoint Code Builder activity bar. The agent will prompt you for information about your agent network, including the brokers, agents, MCP servers, and LLMs you want to connect. MuleSoft Dev Agent does the rest.  For more information about MuleSoft Dev Agent, see xref:api-ai-create-spec.adoc[].
```

* Add a new broker for employee offboarding to my HR agent network.
* Add a new skill to Offboarding broker.

If you don't want to use MuleSoft Dev Agent, edit the `agent-network.yaml` and `exchange.json`files to define your agent network and authentication. The `agent-network.yaml` file can contain definitions for one or more brokers. If you're using Anypoint CLI, you need your client ID and a secret from your connected app for authentication.

Use auto-completion menus in Anypoint Code Builder to speed your development. For more information, see xref:start-discover-ui.adoc#use-autocomplete[].

If your agent network references Anypoint Exchange assets, you need to use the asset IDs in `exchange.json` to add references in the `agent-network.yaml` file. To understand sections of the project files and expected values, see xref:af-project-files.adoc[].

== Add Exchange Assets to Your Agent Network Project

If you have existing Exchange assets you want to leverage in your agent network, add them to the `dependencies` attribute in `exchange.json` in your project. After you add assets, edit `agent-network.yaml` to indicate which brokers use those assets.

> MuleSoft Dev Agent can help you add Exchange assets to your project. Click the agent icon image:af-acb-dev-agent-icon.png["MuleSoft Dev Agent icon"] in the Anypoint Code Builder activity bar and tell the agent that you want to add Exchange assets to your project. MuleSoft Dev Agent does the rest. For more information about MuleSoft Dev Agent, see link:https://docs.mulesoft.com/anypoint-code-builder/api-ai-create-spec[Creating API Specs with AI].

Author: ```suggestion
MuleSoft Dev Agent can help you add Exchange assets to your project. Click the agent icon image:af-acb-dev-agent-icon.png["MuleSoft Dev Agent icon"] in the Anypoint Code Builder activity bar and tell the agent that you want to add Exchange assets to your project. MuleSoft Dev Agent does the rest. For more information about MuleSoft Dev Agent, see xref:api-ai-create-spec.adoc[].
```

> MuleSoft Dev Agent can help you add Exchange assets to your project. Just click the agent icon image:af-acb-dev-agent-icon.png["MuleSoft Dev Agent icon"] in the Anypoint Code Builder activity bar and tell the agent that you want to add Exchange assets to your project. MuleSoft Dev Agent does the rest. For more information about MuleSoft Dev Agent, see link:https://docs.mulesoft.com/anypoint-code-builder/api-ai-create-spec[Creating API Specs with AI].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
MuleSoft Dev Agent can help you add Exchange assets to your project. Click the agent icon image:af-acb-dev-agent-icon.png["MuleSoft Dev Agent icon"] in the Anypoint Code Builder activity bar and tell the agent that you want to add Exchange assets to your project. MuleSoft Dev Agent does the rest. For more information about MuleSoft Dev Agent, see link:https://docs.mulesoft.com/anypoint-code-builder/api-ai-create-spec[Creating API Specs with AI].
```

> MuleSoft Dev Agent can help you add Exchange assets to your project. Just click the agent icon image:af-acb-dev-agent-icon.png["MuleSoft Dev Agent icon"] in the Anypoint Code Builder activity bar and tell the agent that you want to add Exchange assets to your project. MuleSoft Dev Agent does the rest. For more information about MuleSoft Dev Agent, see link:https://docs.mulesoft.com/anypoint-code-builder/api-ai-create-spec[Creating API Specs with AI].

Author: ```suggestion
MuleSoft Dev Agent can help you add Exchange assets to your project. Just click the agent icon image:af-acb-dev-agent-icon.png["MuleSoft Dev Agent icon"] in the Anypoint Code Builder activity bar and tell the agent that you want to add Exchange assets to your project. MuleSoft Dev Agent does the rest. For more information about MuleSoft Dev Agent, see xref:api-ai-create-spec.adoc[].
```
